# Spotijack Changelog

## Version 0.6 (2015-??-??)

### New

- Spotijack now uses an Audio Hijack Pro session called 'Spotijack' instead of
  one called 'Spotify'.
- Added optional notifications when the current recording session finishes.
- Added an option to disable shuffle when recording (on by default).
- Added an option to disable repeat when recording (on by default).
- Added a button to mute Spotify using Audio Hijack Pro.
- Spotijack can now automatically check for and install updates.
- Spotijack now has an icon!

### Improved

- Spotijack now offers to create an Audio Hijack Pro recording session on
  startup if one doesn't exist.
- Spotify and Audio Hijack Pro windows are now hidden when Spotijack launches.
- Spotijack will recognise if you end a recording through Audio Hijack Pro
  instead of through Spotijack.

### Fixed
- Spotijack will no longer crash if Spotify or Audio Hijack pro can't be
  started on launch.
- Fixed a bug where an empty audio file was generated by Audio Hijack Pro when 
  starting the first recording session after launching.
- Fixed a bug where, upon starting a second recording session after launching
  Spotijack, the first track's title and artist would be missing from the UI.
- Fixed a load of potential crashes.

## Version 0.5.1 (2015-02-04)

- Fixed a bug where Spotijack would carry on recording and Spotify would carry
  on playing a playlist after it has ended.

## Version 0.5 (2014-12-18)

- Complete rewrite of Spotijack in Objective-C using the ScriptingBridge
  framework.
- Added an option to mute Spotify in Audio Hijack Pro when starting a recording
  session.

## Version 0.4.1 (2014-08-07)

- Adjusted alignment of the record button.
- Spotijack now disables system sleep and AppNap while recording.

## Version 0.4 (2013-09-17)

- New, more compact user interface.
- Spotijack now displays the current track's artist in addition to its title.
- Removed the next/previous buttons since they were pretty useless.
- Closing the main window doesn't quit Spotijack now.
- When quitting Spotijack while recording a song, Spotijack will now ask the
  user if they're sure they want to quit.

## Version 0.3 (2013-07-29)

- Spotijack is now a Cocoa-AppleScript program. It's got a usable GUI, can skip
  between songs and can cancel a recording. It also no longer needs to be run
from the AppleScript Editor since the GUI allows you to quit the script without
opening up a terminal session.
- System utilisation is greatly reduced thanks to optimisations in the run loop
  and the fact that this program doesn't run in the AppleScript Editor any
more.
- Massive memory leak which caused the script to consume gigabytes of RAM after
  long periods of time has been fixed, probably because of the previous bullet
point.

## Version 0.2 (2011-12-22)

- Spotijack will attempt to fill in song information in Audio Hijack
- Spotijack Can fill:
  - Album Name
  - Album Artist Name
  - Track Name
  - Artist Name
  - Track Number
  - Disc Number
- Spotijack will automatically seek to 0:00 in Spotify on the first song

## Version 0.1 (2011-12-20)

- First release, Spotijack will auto-split recordings when the track id of a
  song in Spotify changes.
